Aninda Manocha (am548)

Game: Project Plan
CompSci 308
September 2, 2016

Cracking the Couponator:

You are a college student with little money, but you need to buy yourself food to fuel your brain. So 
naturally, when you receive a coupon with a $100 value for meals at your favorite restaurant, you are 
ecstatic. You quickly run to the restaurant to buy yourself a delicious dinner. You are at the register
about to pay for your food, when you learn that in order to redeem the coupon, you have to enter a series
of codes into the restaurant's machine, the Couponator. You must know and spell out these codes in order 
to receive your $100 worth of food (that isn't necessarily all being spent on dinner in one night).

This game falls under the genre Top Down Scrolling Shooter. In a level, the user is given a series of 
food questions to answer. In order to spell out these answers, the user controls a coupon printer that 
shoots out coupons while letters fall down the screen (similar to a gun shooting out bullets). The user 
controls the coupon printer by moving it left and right using the left and right arrow keys. By moving 
the printer, the user can aim at letters (which will be falling from different places along the top of 
the screen) and avoid unwanted letters. The user wants to hit the letters that are in the given code as 
random letters will fall down the screen (some of which are in the given code and some of which are not), 
so the user should focus only on certain letters (the code will contain distinct letters). If the user
hits a letter that is not in the given code, then the user loses a life. The user is given three lives 
and if the user loses all three lives, the user loses the game. In order to win the game, the user must 
complete two levels. 

In the first level, the user does not have to hit the letters in the order that they appear in the code, 
but in the second level the user does have to hit the correct letters in order to properly spell out the 
code. As the user is spelling out a given code in the second level, if the user hits a letter that is not
the next one in the code, regardless of whether or not that letter appears elsewhere in the code, the 
user loses a life. Each time the user completely spells out a code, another code will appear until the
user has spelled out all of the codes in a level. The user must spell out a certain number of codes (5) 
in order to complete a level. The ultimate goal is to crack the Couponator by spelling out all of the 
codes in the two levels.